1. General|    1.1. Individuals under the age of 18 are not allowed to participate in the game, on the forum, and on our Discord channel.\n    1.2. By registering in the game "Midnight3D" and/or on the forum, as well as joining our Discord channel, each player agrees to these rules and takes full responsibility for all their actions in the game, including, among other things: World chat, Local chat, Group chat, Private chat, Profile, Private room, as well as all actions on the forum, in forum private messages, and on the Discord channel.\n    1.3. The "Midnight3D" team is composed entirely of volunteer players who have dedicated themselves to the goals of the game and aim to ensure the safety and inviolability of all players and community members. Any expression of disrespect towards any team member will be taken into account and used against the player who caused it.\n    1.4. The terms and conditions of these rules are standardized and apply in one way or another to all in-game chats, forums, and Discord channels of the game.\n    1.5. Every registered user is obligated to adhere to the rules, regardless of position, status, and other merits. Ignorance of the rules does not exempt the user from responsibility.\n    1.6. One of the main goals of these rules and prohibitions is to create comfortable conditions and freedom for every player in the game and participant in our community. Therefore, it is expected not only to comply with but to understand and respect these rules from all community members.|||||
!2. Prohibited:|    2.1. Excessive use of profanity.\n    2.2. Insults, provocations, threats, harassment, or slander against other players/participants or game administration (this category includes direct and indirect language). Also prohibited are links to websites containing images, videos, or text that contain content that insults or humiliates other players or the game administration.\n    2.3. Stalking of players and community members (attempts to continue communication with a new character with someone who has ignored you). Repeated attempts to stalk a specific player/user will result in the suspension of your account. All forms of stalking are prohibited on our server.\n    2.4. Any offensive comments and/or discussions based on race, nationality, religion, culture, political views, sexual preferences.\n    2.5. Presence of minors on all game resources: in the game itself, on the forum, and in the game's Discord channel, including RP characters (not reaching the age of 18).\n    2.6. Any words that may be offensive based on gender, sexual, religious, or racial criteria.\n    2.7. Spam in chats, whether by one person or a group of people spreading the same message. This includes excessive use of Caps Lock. Advertising game locations is allowed no more than once every 10 minutes.\n    2.8. All forms of account exchange or other methods of transferring accounts from one user to another. If you voluntarily give your login and password to another player, or if any other person besides you gains access to your account, there is a high probability that your account will be suspended. In addition, shared accounts will be considered as one, and if any connected account receives any punishment, all other accounts associated with it will face the same consequences. The user agrees to take full responsibility for everything mentioned in this rule set and understands that sharing accounts is strongly discouraged.\n    2.9. Disclosing any personal information about players/users (and their relatives) without their consent, including, among other things: social media profiles, phone numbers, addresses, personal/work email addresses.\n    2.10. Propaganda or participation in any illegal organizations, communities, or social groups, as well as calls for unlawful actions.\n    2.11. Prohibition of all narcotics, as well as discussion of them in the game chats, Discord channel, and/or on the forum.\n    2.12. Any form of client modification, including discussing, distributing, and using malicious programs, hacks, cheats, bugs, etc., affecting normal gameplay, interface, or appearance of the game.\n    2.13. Discussion of disciplinary measures or any other sanctions imposed by moderators or administrators in all game channels. This includes commenting in global or local game chats, forum, and Discord channel, discussing disciplinary actions taken against a character or account. If you disagree with the punishment, you can contact the administrators or create a ticket in the Discord channel.\n    2.14. Posing as a "Midnight3D" staff member (Administrator, Moderator), as well as pretending to be another player. This includes writing on their behalf to other players/participants.\n    2.15. Sale/purchase of accounts, photos, videos, or items for real money. In case of a violation of this rule, the Administration is not responsible for the loss of funds.\n    2.16. Propagation of suicide, pedophilia.\n    2.17. Resolving personal issues in local or global game chats, forum sections, Discord channels. All disputes and clarifications of personal matters should take place in private messages.\n    2.18. Unfair advertising of locations in game chats is prohibited. This includes advertising that:\n    - contains incorrect comparisons of the advertised location with other locations.\n    - defames the honor, dignity, or reputation of a competing location, its visitors, or owner.\n    2.19. On all game resources (forum, Discord channels), advertising containing any third-party links, discussion of third-party projects/servers, direct calls to switch to another server, links to third-party projects, etc., is prohibited.\n    2.20. Adding moderators and server administrators to the blacklist is prohibited.\n    2.21. Any videos, audio, and GIF animations containing images or voices of "Midnight3D" players are prohibited from publication.\n    2.22. On the Discord server, all videos and audio are posted by participants in the relevant #media section, and discussion of videos in this section is allowed without fanatic flooding (flooding will be deleted).\n    2.23. On the Discord server, the #nswf-media section is intended for your 18+ videos and GIF animations, and #nsfw-chat is for your discussions and talks on spicy topics (flooding will be deleted).\n    2.24. In the #fun-media, #real-photos, #real-photos-nsfw sections of our Discord channel, materials related to the names of these channels are published, and discussions in these sections are allowed without fanatic flooding (flooding will be deleted).\n    2.25 It is prohibited to affect the reputation of characters, both your own and others, using Twink accounts.|||||
!3. In Names, Avatars, Images/Videos, and Signatures, the following are prohibited:|    3.1. Excessive use of profanity or information of an offensive nature.\n    3.2. Racist and nationalist hints or comments on superiority that may offend a specific nation, ethnic, religious, or racial group.\n    3.3. Words or images that insult or humiliate based on race, nationality, religion, culture, mental development, gender, or sexual preferences.\n    3.4. Associations with pedophilia and sexual violence.\n    3.5. Content with excessive violence, blood, as well as suicidal ideas.\n    3.6. Propagation of addictive substances or any other illegal activities associated with them.\n    3.7. Logos, symbols, emblems, or drawings connected in any way with organizations that violate or violated existing laws and rules.\n    3.8. Symbolism or abbreviations of illegal organizations.\n    3.9. Anything related to historical or political figures condemned by courts and tribunals.\n    3.10. Also included are game locations that violate any of the rules listed in section 3 (from 3.1 to 3.9). An employee may close the location if the room owner ignores the official request to close, refuses to respond, or is marked as AFK.|||||
!4. Important|    4.1. In case of a server rule violation, a Moderator or Administrator may issue a warning to the player, mute, or ban. Ignoring warnings may lead to "mute" (prohibition of communication in local and global chat in the game; prohibition of communication and publication of any materials on the forum/Discord channel) or "ban" (temporary or permanent suspension from the game; access to the forum/Discord channel).\n    4.2. Frequent or regular receipt of "mute" will lead to temporary or permanent suspension from the game; exclusion from the forum/Discord channel ("ban").\n    4.3. Attempting to bypass account suspension or using third-party programs to modify the game client will result in a ban.\n    4.4. All game chats are moderated, except for private messages, as well as the forum and game Discord channels. To prevent unwanted communication with anyone, a player/community member uses the Ignore function. Sanctions may be applied to a player/forum or Discord channel user if a screenshot of a private chat is provided. Sanctions will be applied if the message contains threats or insults to family and close ones.\n    4.5. If a player/user violates the rules, the administrator, moderator reviews their situation, and chooses a measure of punishment in each specific case. In case of necessity, the player/user may be temporarily banned by the moderator or administrator until the incident is resolved.\n    4.6. Players can leave feedback or report any issues in the Discord channel in the #request-support section. Additionally, all screenshots provided by the player must be clearly readable and cover the entire chat window so that the exact location of the message can be seen. If the chat history does not fit into a single screenshot, multiple screenshots of the full chat window should be taken to capture the entire text being reported.\n    4.7. If a player has been absent for more than six months and has an empty profile, the administration has the right to change the name to free it up for other users who need the same nickname.\n    4.8. Players who perform any actions aimed against the server or actions that could threaten the existence of the server or its community, regardless of where they are carried out, may be punished with a ban, up to and including a permanent ban.\n    4.9. Rules and their conditions are subject to change at any time, including the addition of new rules and modification of existing ones.|||||
